+++
title = "L2 Aviation"
website = "https://www.l2aviation.com/"
logo = "l2_aviation_logo.png"
daterange = "Feb 2016 - July 2016"
subtitle = "Programming Intern"
address = "2100 East Highway 290, Dripping Springs, Texas 78620"
phoneNumber = "512-894-3414"
tags = ["Python", "VBA", "SQL"]
description = """
- Developed custom applications for engineering automation using Inventor API
- Automated bill of material creation process to reduce engineering time by 192 times
- Setup and configured new Autodesk Vault Pro server
"""
showFullContent = true
weight = 8
+++

My first summer at L2 Aviation was primarily focused on programming.
I developed a tool in VBA using the AutoDesk Inventor API that could automatically
generate a bill of materials (BOM). The structure used at L2 was quite complicated,
and the normal built-in tools could not facilitate their format. This tool also
added a lot of error checking, and support for more niche features, like automatically
including an extra 10% quantity of small, easy-to-lose components.
BOMs used to be generated by hand by engineers and this tool made it automatic and
under 5 minutes. After my experience with this, I was able to develop a small handful
of other automation tools for AutoDesk Inventor with VBA.

I also worked on an internal wiring management tool that was written in Python,
utilized Qt, and was backed by a Microsoft SQL Server.

Additionally, I was tasked with setting up and configuring their new AutoDesk Vault
server. I created all the workflows, set all the policies and got everything organized.
This was very helpful, as I utilized this a lot in my
[next summer there]({{< relref "../engineering" >}}).
